[WFLY-21090] Mention GitHub issues in the Pull Request Standards doc (#20265)
wildfly/wildfly: docs/src/main/asciidoc/_hacking/pullrequest_standards.adoc

=== Commit message
The commit message for each commit should also reference a JIRA number.

> NOTE: Some WildFly projects, such as https://github.com/wildfly/wildfly-glow[WildFly Glow], track work in GitHub Issues instead of JIRA. For those projects, reference the GitHub issue number in the PR title (e.g. `Fix for Issue #123, <description>`) instead of a JIRA key, and link the issue in the PR description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Some WildFly projects, such as https://github.com/wildfly/wildfly-glow[WildFly Glow], track work in GitHub Issues instead of JIRA. For those projects, reference the GitHub issue number in the PR title (e.g. `[#123] Add awesome feature`) instead of a JIRA key, and link the issue in the PR description.
```

This changes to the format in the discussion with @rhusar. Also the 'e.g.' and the '#123' both make it an example, so we might as well use an example description.
